the Brand Guide

We're excited that you want to help evangelize the CSIRT Gadgets Foundation. No matter how you contribute as a developer, participant, or an enthusiast, your help spreading the word about the Foundation is extremely valuable.

This guide is designed to get you the resources you need and provide simple instructions for the permitted and correct use of the Foundation's brand assets.

The CSIRT Gadgets Foundation and CIF® Word Mark and the CSIRT Gadgets Foundation and CIF® logos are trademarks of the CSIRT Gadgets Foundation. Although the CIF code is freely available to you under the open source license, your ability to use the CIF name and logo in ways which fall in the domain of trademark law, is restricted. It is very important that we protect and enforce our trademark rights to ensure the CSIRT Gadgets Foundation brand remains a reliable indicator of quality. Therefore, we want to fend against those that seek to intentionally misrepresent their products, services or sponsorships as officially-sanctioned or endorsed by the Foundation.  

We have created a family of logos for those who wish to show their support for the CSIRT Gadgets Foundation and those who use the Foundation's code to power their products with the CSIRT Gadgets Foundation's works.

To get started, review our Trademark Policy and the Logo Usage Guidelines below. Then, it's just a matter of selecting the right logo for your needs and download it or ask us for permission to use it.

OpenStack Marketing Resources

If you already have a CIF related product or service in the market, and would like the latest marketing resources such as messaging and collateral, visit the marketing page.

Logos For Community (Non-commercial) Use

CIF Website Badges

Use these logos for promoting the CIF project on your own sites and blogs. A variety of website badges are available for immediate download. We just ask that you follow these sensible usage guidelines.

The primary CIF Logo

We generally do not allow the use of the CIF logo. If you would like to request special permission for a specific use, please contact us at logo@csirtgadgets.org.

CIF Community: You may use the CIF logo available here for community building activities, provided these activities and uses are not commercial in nature. We just ask that you follow these sensible usage guidelines.

For Commercial Projects

"Powered By CIF"

If you have a service offering that uses formally released CIF code in your application or product, you may be eligible for the "Powered by CIF" marketing program, which includes a specific commercial-use logo and wordmark treatment for your product name. See the logo guidelines at the the above link, and contact logo@ccsirtgadgets.org for more details.  A signed OEM agreement is required.