The Collective Intelligence Project

The Collective Intelligence Framework (CIF) Project is an open-source based project framework dedicated to developing actionable, usable tool frameworks tailored to meet security operations intelligence needs. Strong governance must be established to ensure the long term success and stability of the CIF project. The intent of this constitution is to help ensure the long term sustainability and continuity of the project by establishing an initial structure, roles and responsibilities for the CIF Project's community.

There are four participation groups within the the CIF Project community:

Community Participants

Any member of the public can become a CIF Project Community Participant. All Committers are also automatically Community Participants. Community Participants must agree that their participation in the CIF Project is in their individual capacity and not on behalf of any corporate entity or other organization. The Community may be asked by the Leadership Board to vote on certain issues from time to time.

Committers

Any "significant and sustained" contributor to the CIF Project is eligible for membership as a Committer. Although it is difficult to specify a precise definition, a contributor generally must have contributed to a non-trivial improvement of the the CIF Project or CIF's activity. Contributions may be code, documentation, translations, maintenance of project-wide resources or other non-trivial activities which benefit the CIF Project. Committer eligibility is an individual determination: while contributions made in the course of employment will be considered, they will generally be ascribed to the individuals involved, rather than accruing to all employees of a "contributing" corporation. Initial membership of the Committers will be identified in a document included with the formation documentation of the CIF Project. A Committer Membership and Elections Committee will be established to maintain Committer membership.

All Committers are encouraged to complete a copyright assignment to the CIF project. The CIF Project will make all of the code assigned to it available to the public under various licenses as denoted by each repository. The CIF Project will employ the Light GNU Public License (LGPL) version 2.1 by default where applicable, unless otherwise specified. If an assignment is not completed, through the act of a "pull-request", the contributor assumes the full transfer of ownership of the contribution to the community.

Leadership Board

The Leadership Board is made up of individuals, community members and organizations that support and have a direct stake in the CIF Project. The Leadership Board provides a vehicle for its members to communicate with and guide the overall direction of the project. The Leadership Board will meet from time to time as necessary, no more than twice per year. The role of the Leadership Board is to provide guidance to the CIF Project and to facilitate the growth and sustainment of the community.

Initial membership of the Leadership Board shall be established by the Founding Members. Community Participants may nominate additional members to the Leadership Board. Nominees may then be confirmed to the Leadership Board if 75% or more of all standing Leadership Board members concur that the nominee offers significant insight and commitment to the CIF Project and is both willing and able to fully participate as a Leadership Board member. 

Members of the Leadership Board may be removed at any time by a majority vote by both the Committers and Leadership Board.

Founding Members

The Founding Members are initially responsible for establishing the sustainability and continuity of the CIF Project.

Founding Members assert full authority over, and responsibility for, the CIF project, with the guidance of the Leadership Board during the establishment of the CIF Project community. At the point in which the project is deemed sustainable by the majority of the Leadership Board, the "Founding Members" role will eliminated, with the Leadership Board assuming full responsibility for the project.

At times an issue may arise that merits gathering input and consensus from the community. Any Committer, Community Participant or Leadership Board member can suggest a referendum. To be accepted, a request for a referendum must be endorsed by 20% of any of the Committers, 20% of the Leadership Board members, or any one of the Founding Members.

This constitution may be amended by a 75% vote of the Leadership Board or at the discretion of the Founding Members.
